acct-permissions-guide (#362)
JupiterOne/docs: guides/j1_account_permissions_guide.md

### Manage App Permissions

App Permissions are configured in **Manage App Permissions** 

The default **App Permissions** for the _User_ Group does not provide any **App Permissions** to Users

Selection of permissions provide Read-only or Admin access for each App. 

![app-permissions-menu](../assets/j1acct-app-permissions-menu.png)

### Recommended Permissions

#### Default User Group

For the _Users_ group with most limited access, it is recommended to set a minimum **Query Permission Set**. The miminum recommended group is `_class`:`Root`. This permission group will only include the Root organization:

![limited-query-set](../assets/j1acct-limited-query-set.png)

The _Read-only_ permission for **Policies** should be set in **App Permissions** to allow users to _Review & Accept_ organizations policies

#### Compliance and Audit Group

For a group of users focused on Compliance and Audit processes, Integrations in scope for the audit are recommended for **Query Permissions**.  Recommended **App Permissions** for this group include _Admin_ access to _Compliance_ and _Policies_, as well as _Read-only_ access to _Assets_.

#### Integration Service Admin

> For a group where configuration of integrated services is necessary, the recommended **App Permissions** for this group include Admin access to _Integrations_. In cases were _Endpoint Compliance_ is utilized, _Admin_ access will be necessary for this **App Permission** as well. The minimum **Query Permission Set**, `_class`:`Root`, is recommended for this group, but may be necessary to expand on special cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a group where configuration of integrated services is necessary, the recommended **App Permissions** for this group include Admin access to _Integrations_. In cases were _Endpoint Compliance_ is utilized, _Admin_ access will be necessary for this **App Permission** as well. The minimal **Query Permission Set**, `_class`:`Root`, is recommended for this group, but may be necessary to expand in special cases.
```
